attribution gets much harder when you're
doing ABM. There needs to be a
fundamental alignment and understanding
at the business level where now that
you're doing ABM, it's less about
fighting for credit and it's more about
fighting to close the deal. Usually,
when your ABM campaigns aren't working,
it's because there's a a fundamental
lack of strategy alignment, you know, so
that needs to be in place and sales
needs to be on the same page.
Overpersonalization can be a problem
with ABM.
Hey everyone, welcome to episode six of
performance therapy. In today's episode,
Gonalo and I are talking about the
Frankenstein funnel, why your ABM
campaigns are not converting. So, for
all of you watching that are doing
accountbased marketing ABM, this one is
for you. Gonzalo, we were reviewing our
talking points just before recording and
we were like this is going to be a
monster episode because there's so many
things to touch on here and I think
maybe let's just start at the highest of
levels and then you know we'll we'll
kind of dive in from there. So what is
ABM and accountbased marketing for those
that may or may not know.
>> Yeah. So accountbased marketing is
pretty much when you either you go align
with sales or not, you have a list of
target accounts that collectively and
this is ideally you want to go after. So
both marketing and sales prioritize and
say okay we have a list of 100 accounts
that we really want to do business with
and then it's you pretty much map out
the whole funnel to go after this list
of target accounts where penetrate with
those accounts sales in this case if
those are aligned with marketing they
also going after those accounts with
outreach called outreach and yeah that's
in a simplified way that's pretty much
ABM for you whe you're combining your
marketing tactics with sales tactics
with the sole purpose of penetrating
with those accounts and getting those
accounts in contact with sales. Then of
course letting sales do their magic and
>> closing the deals.
>> Yeah. The way I would frame it too is
ABM is sales and marketing alignment
working together to achieve an objective
which is getting deals closed from a a
set list of companies right
fundamentally. So ABM is not marketing
targeting a list of 10,000 accounts in
isolation. That's just targeted
awareness and it's great. You should do
it. Vice versa, sales prospecting and
reaching out to these decision makers in
isolation is not ABM. It's just
outbound, right? But when it's when you
combine the marketing and the sales
component and they start to work
together and they're all on the same
page around, hey, here are the companies
we care about. Now, this is when you get
into account-based marketing, which is a
really exciting topic and something that
works extremely well for B2B, especially
if you're going up market, you know,
mid-market plus enterprise, you're going
to be doing some level of an EBM play at
that, you know.
>> Yeah. A lot of companies are trending
more in that direction, right? They're
realizing that it's not just about on
LinkedIn, oh, we want to go after
companies greater than 500 employees
working at these specific industries,
these specific titles. they now are
understanding that that's that works to
an extent but they're now taking their
programs to the next level and there's a
lot of talks ABM ABX you know
>> all the acronyms
>> yeah yeah yeah
>> whether you call top of mind for sure
>> whether it's ABM accountbased marketing
ABX accountbased orchestration or
accountbased experience there's like all
these words fundamentally it's you and
sales are on the same page and we've got
a game plan of like how we're going to
try to get into these accounts which
leads us to one very important point of
like why your ABM campaigns may or may
not be working. And the first most
important point is attribution.
Attribution gets much harder when you're
doing ABM. And fundamentally, if you
decide, hey, I want to do ABM and this
matters to us, there needs to be a
fundamental alignment and understanding
at the business level where now that
you're doing ABM, it's less about
fighting for credit and it's more about
fighting to close the deal. meaning if
the lead came from LinkedIn or Google or
it came from an outbound message from a
BDR like no one cares you know I'll no
one not that no one cares they don't
care enough to the point where it says
LinkedIn is a is a failure you know what
I mean or Google is a failure meta is a
failure it's like no they just happen to
have converted from this touch point but
it's the collective sum of all of the
parts working together that should
hopefully have led add to that person
responding to the outbound email, right?
Because they also saw the ads on
LinkedIn which pre-frame them, warmed
them up.
>> Yeah.
>> I saw this post somewhere on LinkedIn
that they made this experiment where
they started going after the same list
of accounts as sales like ABM and sales
started noticing a lift on open rates on
their called outreach which is not
something you usually measure as a
leading KPI.
>> That's really
>> but I Yeah. I thought it was pretty
interesting and I kind of want to test
it ourselves. Right. Mhm. Yeah.
>> Um because yeah, we're always talking
about especially us with this mindset,
we're always talking about these, oh,
marketing and sales need to be aligned,
but
>> this the open rates on the cold outreach
emails. That's not something usually
tied back to the effectiveness of the
marketing program or the paid med in
this case. Yeah.
>> And I'm not saying it's 100% due to the
paid media, don't get me wrong, but they
>> there's an impact.
>> Yeah. that that post that that analysis
that they did was the before and after
starting going after those accounts with
paid media.
>> So it was like pretty like before there
wasn't anything and after there was so
there's some kind of lift for sure on on
top of all the other metrics.
>> Yeah.
>> So it was pretty interesting.
>> That is really cool and and this is goes
back to like one of our earlier
discussions in in an earlier episode of
the importance of those leading KPIs. So
let's let's talk about you know why your
ABM campaigns are working. Obviously we
have to talk about strategy.
>> Yeah.
>> Fundamental you know and the way we
think about strategy is we use the five
stages model. So if you want to learn
more about this building a paid media
program course we talk about it but
basically it's create, capture,
accelerate, revive and expand. Each one
of these stages are potential areas
where you could stand up campaigns to
try to drive a meaningful impact. So for
context the create stage is all around
building brand affinity and trust. We
call it create and and the focus of this
stage is building brand affinity and
trust. It's a level deeper than just
saying tofu, you know, impressions
served and then you call it a day. Like
how do you really build trust? That's
the goal. The second stage is capture,
which is all about how do we convert
interest from inmarket buyers. The next
stage is accelerate. Now that we've got
the deal open, how do we continue to
nurture them so that we can move them to
close one faster and support sales? Then
you have revive which hey not everyone
is going to actually go through the
process successfully. How do we bring
back those deals? And then finally is
expand. We have customers. How do we
drive more revenue from those existing
customers? So using the five stages
model this is the framework that we use
to now map out our entire fullfunnel
paid media strategy. And in this case
because we're talking about accountbased
marketing. What we're doing is we're
thinking okay how can we take this list
of accounts however many they are.
Hopefully, it's not too crazy as we've
talked about, which we're going to talk
about in a second around account
priorization, but a meaningful list of
accounts and then how do we create an
experience across create, capture,
accelerate, revive, and expand to move
these users through that buyer's journey
to the best of our ability working in
tandem with sales. So that when I think
about like what does a great ABM program
look like? It's that a lot of folks
listening to this
maybe you don't have a framework right
to help conceptualize what good looks
like and you might be using a framework
like Tofu Mofu BFU. It's better than
nothing but the only gripe that I have
with Tofu Mofu Bofu is it's designed for
BTOC and and small business, right?
Where the first point of conversion
also warrants the sale, right? like if
they convert, they convert and it's game
over.
>> But with B2B,
>> especially if you're going up market,
like 6, 12 month, 24 month sales cycles.
>> Yeah.
>> Just once the deal is open, like there's
so many steps that have to take place in
order for them to actually convert. So,
you want to make sure that you're you're
actually optimizing your driving
campaigns post conversion as well. And
then, of course, depending on your
goals, if you're focusing more on net
new acquisition, you might focus more on
create and capture, then accelerate,
revive, etc. But you know what you're
trying to accomplish. You can set up the
the necessary campaigns for each stage
and then define your leading KPIs, your
budget, right? And now you can just go
to market and you can optimize those
different stages accordingly.
>> Yeah. And that's where most brands go
wrong because they don't think of it
from that perspective.
>> Yeah. And yeah, that's a good segue to I
don't know if there's a specific topic
you have in mind terms of where we
should start because like you said
there's a lot
>> and I know we have limited time.
>> Yeah, we got we got strategy, right? So
we kind like kind of give everyone
context container, right? This is the
the canvas that we'll be using to create
the strategy, right? and and usually
when your ABN campaigns aren't working,
it's because there's a a fundamental
lack of strategy alignment, you know, so
that needs to be in place. And sales
needs to be on the same page. So, for
example, like if we're doing create
campaigns, you're doing these top off
ofunnel campaigns and you're going to be
promoting um a webinar, which we love.
Sales should also see what the ads look
like for that webinar, right? They
should be informed on the the what the
webinar is about, etc., right? So,
they're also on the same page. And then
they should also be informed of, okay,
for these webinar leads, should we
should we not follow up with them? How
should we follow up with them? Right?
Because you can't follow up with these
leads the same as you would somebody who
booked a demo. It's a completely
different mentality, right?
>> Yeah.
>> So, let's start off first with account
prioritization.
Let's really define for for everyone
watching here like how to think about
prioritiz prioritizing our accounts and
then we'll dive into the weeds around
like personas, account list builds and
and kind of unfold that a bit more. So
when you think of account
prioritization, what are the traps
people fall under with that? First of
all, they have no prioritization right
that's an easy one. And then even when
they do have priorization is and for the
folks that watch some of the earlier
episodes a lot of that stuff kind of
falls into these ABM system and this ABM
play right and this topic but like even
when they do have a perization they also
need to make sure that for the accounts
that they want to do business with it's
not the wish list it's like yes it's a
wish list but it needs to be a realistic
wish list and that's where most go
wrong. they don't have. So when it comes
to prioritization, they don't. That's
simply put. And then when they do, they
are too ambitious, which is good in some
cases, but it's like, okay, can you
actually serve those companies if they
were to close with you?
>> And are you actually expecting those
companies to close or it's just like a
good logo that you can showcase
internally like, oh guys, we got a lead
from Google.
>> Yeah.
>> Like, yeah, everyone claps, but then at
the end of the day,
>> people will forget it. So the the most
common traps it's like that no
prioritization at all and then when they
do prioritize sometimes they prioritize
it wrong in the way that they don't
prioritize like the best fit companies
and maybe they use some kind of intent
signals to to make that prioritization
and we can get a bit into that.
>> That's a very important point. You
outsource your prioritization to a tool.
Yeah,
>> that is very risky. When you outsource
your account prioritization to a tool,
that tool is not perfect. There's always
limitations to all the technology.
>> You have to review it too.
>> You have to review it. You have to
actually see especially when they're use
tools like dynamic list like
>> who is in these accounts, right? Like
who are we actually targeting, you know,
and so on and so forth and really
scrutinizing it because again, like we
talked about in the lead quality
episode, we want to get to the point
where the impression itself is valuable,
right? Where you're getting in front of
the right people. So just to give
everyone some some tactics here on
account pertization, I would say one
thing you should absolutely do is focus
on your accounts that are most likely to
convert. So look at the win rates and
identify like are there common patterns
of hey these industries etc these and
sometimes it's very nuanced you know
like for context if they have they're
part of these industries and they have
the LinkedIn insight tag installed on
their website
>> you know that's a better fit account for
us. So you have to really like the the
gold is in the details, you know, really
do that analysis of your win rates. Then
from there, you want to prioritize based
on fit and signal. So fit means who are
they? So what industries do they fall
under? Um who are the individuals we
need to speak to? You just generally
speaking the fmographics of the company,
right? So industry, make, model, etc. It
could also be the technographics like we
talked about LinkedIn insight tag,
Google ads pixel installed, are they
using a certain CMS? Do they use HubSpot
as a CRM? All of this is like
technographic information that you can
take into consideration. You blend those
two things together and you can have a
really custom curated list of accounts.
I think list building and the account
list piece is the one. It is like if you
think about the dominoes like you know
if I flick this domino every domino
falls after it. It is the first domino
>> and it cannot be shortcut. You can use
AI as well like chat G tpt to help build
these list.
>> Yeah, help curate etc. But you still
have to have that manual review.
>> So the second piece is signal. So when
you're prioritizing your list of
accounts, you want to consider not just
the fit of who they are and what they
you know in terms of technology and
their characteristics, but what have
they done? And this is kind of more the
intent side. So for example like maybe
for us like I'll use ad conversion uh as
a demonstration. We have a few
industries that we we do really really
well with. One of them is cyber
security. So if we're running a campaign
to a list of accounts for cyber security
obviously we're going to put together
that list based on you know companies
that are in cyber security. They have
certain company ranges etc. We nail all
that down. They have the LinkedIn
insight tag installed on their website
like these technographic components.
Done. The second piece is going to be
signal. So we wanted to take it a step
further. Not just any cyber security
company. Maybe we have a list of like a
thousand companies. But now we're saying
any of these cyber security companies
where we have a former client working at
it now.
>> Mhm.
>> You know, maybe they turned over to a
new company, you know, like there's
always employee turnover.
>> Yeah. Low lower entry barrier.
>> Exactly. And now like that a thousand
dwindles down to like a hundred. And
guess what? Because now we have also the
the signal. What the signal lets you do
is it gives you a reason to contact
them.
And it also gives you a reason to make
like your ads that much more
personalized. The example that comes to
my mind right now is Loom. So Loom, the
video recording company.
>> Mhm. They basically identified where and
this is where you not to get too off
topic but if you're using a productled
motion like you can do cool things like
this but basically they realized if a
certain amount of users are signed up at
a company using Loom for free their free
plan if they can get a certain
concentration of those users where they
get like an X number they started to
realize a correlation
the likelihood of get getting those free
users to convert into like a paid team
plan is far greater.
So now when they're running their their
ABM efforts, they're trying to use their
free trial to drive more free trial
signups to increase the account density,
right, of the amount of free users in
that organization using Loom. So then
now guess what? In their ads, like which
is what they were doing in the past,
they were saying like, "Hey, eight other
team members of yours are using Loom.
Why don't you join them?" Right? In the
ads. So this is also like the data
science component, right? where you can
start to use this data in your messaging
to make it so much more powerful, right?
Which this is again all falls under
signals. And then if you're also
aligning with your sales team, well, now
when your sales team outreaches,
guess what they're going to say? Yeah,
it's a line. Eight other people like in
your company, right? And even like
better, imagine if you have their names,
you can say John and Jeremy and Sarah
and D use Loom at your company, you
know? And then imagine like they can
also just reach out to those people and
say, "Hey, are you enjoying Loom? Can
you help us get more of your company
involved, etc. We'll give you a referral
link,
>> you know?" So when you have the fit,
>> get creative.
>> Yeah, 100%. And when you have the fit
and you have the signal, then you can
take it even to the next step and make
it even more powerful. I actually
learned this from Isaac uh wear over at
user gems. He's the instructor for our
ABM course and he talks about this in
the ABM course like in much more detail
and it like blew my mind because I was
just like before I was just thinking in
terms of fit and like really
prioritizing those list of accounts but
once I started to understand the signal
piece as well where you can then layer
the signals on top just like the ROI is
way higher right because now you can
convert so much faster you know
>> and uh yeah depending on the time you're
you're watching this the AVM course may
or may not be open so just check out
conversion.com/course forces to to check
that out. So, now that we talked about
the uh prioritization around fit and
signal, now let's go down the next level
around the actual list and the like the
the personas. So, walk me through
personas at these accounts because one
thing somebody watching this might be
thinking is like how many personas is
enough? Should I go after the VPs and
the the junior folk? Like what are your
thought processes? Yeah, I can speak
from my experience. I usually see
companies either deciding like two three
personas. So it can be like marketing,
sales and I don't know like let's say HR
just giving an example. So they they
split the campaigns by persona so it can
be more personalized. So they they have
a personalized messaging and there's
also another approach that that hints to
what you were saying that it's more okay
let's target champions and target
decision makers. And there isn't right
or wrong. It's just a different
approach. And then you can get creative
with the messaging. The the the common
limitation that I see when you start
breaking it down across multiple
personas is of course budget
>> and budget and creative bandwidth
because yes, if you're being more
personalized, you actually need to to
maintain that. So it's usually harder.
Um, so it's often either one or two
personas and to what you mentioned
earlier, you can scrape your CRM data
and see which from your closed one data
from your open pipeline deals, you can
see what are the the primary contacts
and see which function that persona fall
that person falls under and use it at a
starting point. And if you're up for the
other routes, decision makers and
champions, then yeah, it's about getting
creative with your messaging and knowing
that the content that will resonate with
a champion, the person that might be
using your product, won't be the same
for the decision maker.
>> So it's it's again no right or wrong.
I've seen it work in both ways. The more
common for sure from what I see is by
persona, but the other approach also
works well in some cases. Yeah. Yeah. I
agree. Echoing your point, uh, my
experience, it's been for create stage,
it it makes a lot of sense to go after
the executives and the junior folks
because you're really just trying to get
into the account and start to build
brand affinity and trust and you want to
cast a wider net. And then from there in
the acceleration stage where now the
deal is open now multi-threading makes
more sense because you've already hooked
them on and most people don't have the
budget to multi-thread on the top of the
funnel in the create stage.
>> So typically you're you're like either
going all VP or exec and then or
champion or both. Like ideally you're
doing both because especially today a
lot of the junior folks these champions
are tasked with these decisions of like
finding tools. So it's great to get in
front of them as well. And then once
you've opened the deal now you've got
these open opportunities. Now we can run
acceleration campaigns targeting open
opportunities. And now you can multi
thread where now you're not only going
after the VPs or the execs and the um
the the champions but now you can open
up a third category which is like
operations which could be like finance
you know HR if it's applicable etc. And
now you're showing them a different
message, you know, and now you start to
create this multi-threading. And
ideally, once you've entered the
acceleration phase, if you've built up
enough brand affinity and trust and
you've already opened up a dialogue with
your sales team, well then hopefully now
you have somebody who can act as a
champion on your behalf to get you into
the account.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. So it all kind of comes together.
But that's a quick note and I think the
the trap here to highlight for for
everyone listening around personas and
you know all this is go back to your
budget because I feel like we've
stressed budget so much but it really
>> it's it's the thing that you know it's
it limits your options right so just
make sure you know going back to like
that math we shared around like how many
campaigns you can support but just make
sure that if you are going to target
more personas one you have the budget
for it cuz That's a big trap and then
you you fall into budget dilution which
we talked about. The second thing is you
have the content resources. If you're
going to go through the effort of having
different personas then the idea is
you're creating different experiences
which means different ads, different
content, different everything, right?
Just whatever you're doing times two,
right?
>> If you're doing it right at least.
>> Yeah. And then imagine too like you're
actually adding like regional complexity
too where now you're not just doing it
in North America, you're doing it in
AMIA, you're doing it in APAC, right?
Now it just you just whatever you're
doing scaling the complexity
>> for me is a whole other beast.
>> Now you have localized content if you're
splitting it by
>> it could be as simple or it's like as
complicated as you want it to be you
know and but it all kind of builds on
the on the foundations of what we're
talking about. So
if you don't have the budget and you
don't have the resources, one thing I
would say is it's okay to go after
multiple personas especially in the
beginning if you you just want to get
some wins and like you don't have the
resources and it's okay as long as
everyone shares the same problem.
So for context like the VP and the the
junior f person and the person in
finance they might all have the same
core problem and if you can speak to the
problem and the problem relates to
multiple decision makers then that that
works as well right because you're still
resonating with them because they all
share that burden of trying to solve
that thing.
>> So that's a an easy tip there for
everyone of like how do I get started in
the most resource effective way or light
needs on terms of resourcing. Yeah, the
problem that is that happens often is
you don't really know that core problem
when you're launching those ads and now
depending on the personas you're
combining the functions in this case
what happens is the function that list
identifies with that problem is the one
hitting most of the impressions just
because of audience size you know yeah
and that's the problem because now
you're getting a lot of exposure with
specific accounts awesome
>> but then the people getting exposed to
your ads don't engage or even if they
engage it's like Okay. Yeah, nice ad,
but they won't do much because they
don't really that pain is not really
pressing for them that problem.
>> And for me specifically, what I usually
recommend is that okay, if you don't
have the budget, you don't have the
bandwidth, the creative bandwidth or
content bandwidth to to work with
multiple personas. It's like, okay,
let's prioritize one, let's start there,
starting point, get some early wind, and
then you can make the case, guys. Okay,
let's expand to another persona. So
again, it's still scaling,
>> but it's still you're scaling in your
still in your list of target accounts.
You're not trying to do anything
different. It's like, okay,
>> we've been targeting marketing. Let's
now do sales. And it's a whole different
beast, different budget,
>> different like
>> react differently to different creative
formats, everything.
>> Yeah, they will they will react
differently. Again, we were speaking in
an earlier episode that marketers are
savvy. They're bubble. These guys are
used to seeing Google ads. Maybe sales
isn't, you know, so you you have to to
factor everything together.
>> Like for sales, it's just like the most
outlandish content, you know, like they
see like, you know, you just have to I
think with sales, it's you have to get
really creative, too, to like stand out.
A lot of humor, things like that.
>> Yeah.
>> Let's talk about ads. We're now that
we're like segueing into it. What do
what are some mistakes people make
around the ads specifically for ABM that
come to your mind?
top of mind.
I don't see really isolated problems
that are specific to ABM. I think the
problems we covered in another episode
around the messaging, the creative
concepts kind of
>> play a role here. The
>> same thing.
>> Yeah, it's the same thing here as well.
I guess here people try to get get
creative and try to again maybe we'll
get to that point but like they try to
have it be super personalized where they
do onetoone campaigns which is pretty
much running ads targeting a specific
company and all they do is and it works
to a degree but they pick one one
template they change the logo use it for
another then they they repeat and it can
work but when when we talk about
personalization to me just doing that
alone even though It can get you some
some can get you some results. It's this
the equivalent as like you're sending
this personalized email where just
changing first name, last name, company
name, you know,
>> like I wouldn't call that a mistake or a
trap because I mean it works. And I I
remember like from your conversation
with Isaac, you mentioned that in some
cases that's what they do. They I mean
it's impossible if you're doing one to
one to 100 companies. You have specific
ads for each. Yeah, maybe you do it when
it comes to the priorization. You try it
for your top 10 campaigns when you're
getting all those strong signals and
you're really wanting to close.
>> But in terms of isolated traps, um there
aren't specifically ones that come to
mind with ABM. I think you I think you
you touched on one like over
personalization can be a problem with
ABM
>> especially early on where you don't have
any wins or any like people over
orchestrate ABM sometimes as well where
now what they're doing is they're
spinning out like in the most extreme
example it's like you're doing a one ad
for one company and that landing page is
dedicated to that company. It's like
amazing, you know, if you could do it at
scale. But oftentimes people
overresource, you know, they over plan,
they get stuck in that period for too
long. They underindex fundamentally on
like are we reaching the right people?
Do we have the right leading and lagging
KPIs to measure success? More
importantly, is sales on the same page.
They overindex on that and then they
over index on this page and the
overpersonalization and and to the
detriment of the foundations, right? So
all in all personalized onetoone ads are
very powerful and like if you can do
them they work phenomenally well like
onetoone ads in terms of clickthrough
rates and the cost per click etc. But
just know like operationally it's going
to scale complexity. So if you have
really good pization down I I love the
tip you mentioned like you have your top
10 accounts listed out amazing like goal
in you know even like if it's going to
be 10 accounts like I would go even
beyond just digital and like do direct
mail and you know like really try to get
on these people's forefront. Um, but
fundamentally the ads themselves I think
to fall in the perfect world it's like
you're not just mixing the
personalization of like who the company
is and or the characteristics they bring
but also that that data science piece
like the Loom example I shared where
you're like hey eight other users are at
your company right if there's some sort
of data point that you have that no one
else does and you can bring that to the
forefront that's extremely powerful to
create messaging that will resonate
right because ultimately when you're
multi-threading and you're running these
ads to these accounts, especially if you
go with the onetoone perspective, which
if you can do it, I would totally do it
because you're going to drive a higher,
you know, clickthrough rate, higher
engagement rate than anything else.
But when you're doing this, really what
you're going after is you're going after
the experience where somebody in the
company sees it and then they're like,
"Oh my god, did you see that ad?" And
then they take a screenshot
>> and then they drop it in their Slack
channel or their team's channel, right?
And then they tag the person who needs
to see it. That's really how this
happens in practice, right? Or somebody
books a sales call and then they say,
"Oh, I I keep seeing your ads
everywhere." You know, this is like how
you start to see these things manifest
in terms of like actual impact with the
creative. And let's let's close out here
on this last point, which is sales
outreach and making sure that sales is
outreaching to these leads in the most
effective way. What are like some traps
you've seen around like lead nurture
around, you know, following up leads
with ABM?
>> Yeah, like the biggest trap is not doing
it.
>> It seems it seems basic,
>> but in some cases they they just don't.
The other trap is like assuming just
because depending on what type of lead
it is, they ask for some content, a
white paper.
>> Oh, I'm trying to reach them out then
trying to get them on the phone with us
and they're not responding. Oh, this
campaign sucks. I mean, the campaign
might suck, but these folks are not
meant to speak with you right away
anyway. And that's the second trap. And
then the third is like,
yes, you have a follow-up where, oh,
thanks for downloading this content, you
know? So you send the first email which
is fine but then you don't continue or
is not as often as like the recurrence
is not as often as it should
>> or and I this kind of is another or even
if you're doing that recurrence you're
not adding off adding value. So when we
talked about in a previous episode
around like putting multiple content
themes in front of your retargeting
audience, that's pretty much the same
thought process, right? You don't just
want to to pitch slap them with, oh,
>> are you ready to speak with us?
>> Thanks for downloading our ebook. Can
you like to jump on a 30 minute call?
>> Yeah, a free demo. Here's my camera.
>> I invite you lunch. Something like that.
And I think the challenge too right now
especially with the rise of like you
know tools like clay and and so on and
so forth
is like people now are just like at
scale sending generically personalized
emails and now with AI it's like even
worse you know like the content the
quality it's like hi Gonzalo I I saw
that you went to the University of
Lisbon you know it's like completely
left field would you like to buy
Salesforce it's like whoa wait a second
you know like how does that even
connect, you know, and this is where I
think if you like data is a huge
competitive advantage in ABM. So like if
you can have data that you can use to
reinforce your messaging and your ad
copy is very powerful where now imagine
like going on this example that I've
been using with Loom, it's like now when
they outreach they use that data point
to their advantage, right? Or it could
be something else, you know, but if
there's a way to bring that to the
forefront that is extremely powerful.
So, and also too just to add to that
like one point that you mentioned when
we were speaking about this with clients
is around okay you're not only having
that recurrence but you're also setting
that expectation or framing that
expectation on your prospect's mind. I I
recently signed up for a a landing page
tool and once I created a landing page I
start I enrolled in an outbound sequence
where these guys is like oh you're using
this tool here's email one out of 17.
Oh, this is a good one.
>> Two out of 17. So, I haven't opened any,
you know, but I know that if I need
content, it's there. And I haven't
opened it and I can check it out
afterwards and see. But my perception is
that that nurture sequence is value. And
I'm already I mean, I'm not a paid
customer yet. I signed up for the free
trial. So, maybe that's where the 17
days comes in. The trial is 14. But in
my mind, I'm already expecting them to
communicate with me seven straight days.
>> That's a very Yeah. Like creating open
loops in your outreach is extremely
powerful for ABM. So basically an open
loop is like what you're saying. It's
like, hey, this is email one of 17.
>> Yeah.
>> So I've created an open loop where now
I'm expecting 16 more emails. Yeah. Even
if I don't open, I know it's there.
>> Yeah. And the perception that I have is
not it's not annoying because again I
haven't opened it yet but I feel like
it's personalized even if it's not. So
the perception is extremely different
than oh I see you're on our free trial.
Here's what you get if you upgrade. You
know I'm not ready for that yet. I
actually I will actually upgrade but
that's not because of the
>> we'll let the rest see you hunt you
down. But you know what I mean like the
perception it's much different than oh
these guys are always trying to sell
this is annoying. So there's why there's
a lot of correlation between like email
nurture sequences and the retargeting we
spoke in in the previous episode.
>> Yep. Guys, thank you so much for being
here in episode 6. We'll see you in the
next one. Thanks so much for watching
this episode. If today's combo hit home
for you and you want to go deeper, check
out adconversion.com. You'll find free
courses, a killer advertising community,
and if you're ready to scale, we'd love
to work with you.